pushups-H1:10 push ups
pushups-H2:8 push ups
pushups-H3:5 push ups

pushups-E1:10 wall push ups
pushups-E2:5 incline push ups
pushups-E3:10 wall push ups

squats-H1:14 one leg bench squats
squats-H2:10 close squats
squats-H3:14 one leg bench squats

squats-E1:10 full squats
squats-E2:10 close squats
squats-E3:10 full squats

pullups-H1:5 full pull ups
pullups-H2:8 assisted pull ups
pullups-H3:8 assisted pull ups

pullups-E1:2 full pull ups
pullups-E2:2 full pull ups
pullups-E3:2 full pull ups

raises-H1:15 bent leg raises
raises-H2:5 L-sit raises
raises-H3:15 bent leg raises

raises-E1:15 flat leg raises
raises-E2:10 hanging knee leg raises
raises-E3:5 L-sit raises

planche-H1:5 dips
planche-H2:advanced frog stand (for time)
planche-H3:5 dips

planche-E1:3 dips
planche-E2:1 frog stand (for time)
planche-E3:3 dips

bridges-H1:6 bridge presses
bridges-H2:15 short bridges
bridges-H3:6 bridge presses

bridges-E1:3 bridge presses
bridges-E2:15 short bridges
bridges-E3:3 bridges presses

handstands-H1:12 pike push ups
handstands-H2:12 pike push ups
handstands-H3:1 hand stand hold (lower to pike)

handstands-E1:4 pike push ups
handstands-E2:4 pike push ups
handstands-E3:1 hand stand hold (lower to pike)
